# Sample class to demonstrate how we can perform single task using multiple threads. in this application , we will perform sum on different parts of the array via
# parallel processing using multi thread and then will join all of them to calculate the total sum

# Even though we are waiting to complete the calculation of all the threads still this method is benficial . the overall execution time might not decrease significantly due to waiting for all threads to finish, the perceived responsiveness of the application can improve. By utilizing multiple threads, you can parallelize the work and make better use of available CPU cores, potentially reducing the time it takes to complete the task.
# MultiThreading enables concurrent execution of tasks ./ the overall execution time might not decrease significantly due to waiting for all threads to finish, the perceived responsiveness of the application can improve. By utilizing multiple threads, you can parallelize the work and make better use of available CPU cores, potentially reducing the time it takes to complete the task.

# All threads execute simultaneously and we can not say which thread will first start executing . it depends on JVM Thread scheduler .

## Public static native void (long milisecond)  public static void sleep(long mili, int nano)-> These two are static method i.e we can directly call these two methods from Thread class i.e No need to create object opr specific instance of the Class . Sleep method throws Interrupted exception. 1. When any thread is sleeping or in sleep mode and another thread interrupts it , then interrupted exception is thrown . Sleep method always pauses current thread exceution.when the JVM finds the sleep() method , JVM checks which thread is running and pause the exceution of that thread.
## When we use Sleep() method to pause any thread exceution , the thread scheduler assigns the CPU to another Thread if another thread exists . So there is no guarantee that Thread will wake up immediately after the time specified in Sleep method. It totally depends on Thread Scheduler. While thread is sleeping it does not lose any lock / monitors that it had accquired before . 
